Did you know if you kill a zombie piglin
in one shot, it won't alert those
nearby? But you need smite for this, so
no one's really doing it. If you
accidentally punch a zombie piglin,
it'll alert all those nearby to attack
until you're 60 blocks away from any or
don't have a line of sight for enough
time. But make sure your simulation
distance is up cuz if you unload them,
they don't get reset. If you
accidentally punch a villager, it'll go
tell all its friends and screw your
prices. So, you either have to trap him
before he tells anyone or
But you need to do it in secret cuz if
any villager sees, they'll tell
everyone. I guess that's actually how it
works.